cmd/server/README.md, before:

# PACTA API Server

The PACTA API Server is the main API-serving binary in the PACTA ecosystem. All endpoints are defined in [OpenAPI 3.0](https://spec.openapis.org/oas/v3.0.0) definitions, which live in the [`/openapi`](/openapi) directory. This binary serves the PACTA service (in [pacta.yaml](/openapi/pacta.yaml)), and may add other related services in the future.

## Running the API server

Run the server:

```bash
# Run the backend
bazel run //scripts:run_server
```

There are two ways to access the PACTA API endpoints, both require an RMI-signed JWT token:

1. **With the frontend** - Using the frontend, you can login with Azure and exchange the token for an RMI JWT, which will then be available in the `jwt` cookie in the browser.
2. **With `genjwt`** - The genjwt tool can generate tokens that can be used directly with the PACTA API, make sure to have the `test_server.key` private key generated from your credential service (using the `keygen` tool) in the root of the PACTA repo directory, then run:

```bash
bazel run //scripts:run_genjwt

# This will output something like:
# Token: <header>.<payload>.<sig>
```

You can use this token to query the PACTA (currently just the Petstore example) API:

```bash
APIKEY='<the token from genjwt>'
# Get pets
curl -H "Authorization: BEARER $APIKEY" -X GET localhost:8080/pets

# []

# Add a pet
curl \
  -H "Authorization: BEARER $APIKEY" \
  -X POST \
  --data '{"name": "Scruffles", "tag": "good dog"}' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  localhost:8080/pets

# {"id":1,"name":"Scruffles","tag":"good dog"}

# Get pets again
curl -H "Authorization: BEARER $APIKEY" -X GET localhost:8080/pets

# [{"id":1,"name":"Scruffles","tag":"good dog"}]
```

## Building and running the Docker container locally

To build and run the image locally:

```bash
# Build the image
bazel build --@io_bazel_rules_go//go/config:pure //cmd/server:image_tarball

# Load it into Docker. This will print out something like:
# Loaded image ID: sha256:<image SHA>
docker load < bazel-bin/cmd/server/image_tarball/tarball.tar

docker run --rm -it sha256:<image SHA from previous step> --config=/configs/local.conf
```

If you get an error like:

```
/server: /lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libc.so.6: version `GLIBC_2.32' not found (required by /server)
/server: /lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libc.so.6: version `GLIBC_2.34' not found (required by /server)
```

Make sure you included the `--@io_bazel_rules_go//go/config:pure` flag in `bazel build`, see [`pure` docs](https://github.com/bazelbuild/rules_go/blob/master/go/modes.rst#pure). The problem is that without it, the compiled binary dynamically links glibc against your system, which may use a different version of glibc than the Docker container, which currently uses Debian 11 + glibc 2.28

Commit message:

Implement comprehensive error management (#23)
* Implement comprehensive error management

This PR overhauls how we handle errors in our OpenAPI server to be more manageable, and more familiar to [other systems we've used elsewhere](https://github.com/Silicon-Ally/gqlerr).

The basic gist is to only define errors in the OpenAPI spec that are "interesting" or specific to a given endpoint. Things that can occur anywhere (not found, access denied, rate limiting, etc) are defined in the API, but not attached to every single endpoint. These generic errors are thrown as `oapierr.{BadRequest,Internal,NotFound,etc}` errors, with the usual logging metadata attached.

"Specific" errors should be defined on an endpoint, along with the relevant response body, and specified in the response object param (i.e. not an error).

Most of the work here is done in `oapierr`, which more or less mirrors `gqlerr`, minus the GQL-specific stuff naturally. We link into our specific generated code and specific API spec by a caller-specified `oapierr.ResponseConverter` that turns an `oapierr.Error` into an arbitrary JSON-formatted response body. This flexibility means we can turn different errors into different response bodies, using the structs generated directly from our spec.

Now that all errors return non-200 codes, the generated PACTA client will throw an `ApiError` for all failures, see `request.ts` and `catchErrorCodes` in the generated frontend code. `handleOAPIError` is therefore no longer needed and has been removed.

Fixes #10

* Doc updates + self-review

* Fix email tests

* Remove petstore examples + language

cmd/server/README.md, after:

# PACTA API Server

The PACTA API Server is the main API-serving binary in the PACTA ecosystem. All endpoints are defined in [OpenAPI 3.0](https://spec.openapis.org/oas/v3.0.0) definitions, which live in the [`/openapi`](/openapi) directory. This binary serves the PACTA service (in [pacta.yaml](/openapi/pacta.yaml)), and may add other related services in the future.

## Running the API server

Run the server:

```bash
# Run the backend
bazel run //scripts:run_server
```

There are two ways to access the PACTA API endpoints, both require an RMI-signed JWT token:

1. **With the frontend** - Using the frontend, you can login with Azure and exchange the token for an RMI JWT, which will then be available in the `jwt` cookie in the browser.
2. **With `genjwt`** - The genjwt tool can generate tokens that can be used directly with the PACTA API, make sure to have the `test_server.key` private key generated from your credential service (using the `keygen` tool) in the root of the PACTA repo directory, then run:

```bash
bazel run //scripts:run_genjwt

# This will output something like:
# Token: <header>.<payload>.<sig>
```

You can use this token to query the PACTA API:

```bash
APIKEY='<the token from genjwt>'
# Get PACTA versions
curl -H "Authorization: BEARER $APIKEY" -X GET localhost:8081/pacta-versions

# TODO: Add more examples
```

## Building and running the Docker container locally

To build and run the image locally:

```bash
# Build the image
bazel build --@io_bazel_rules_go//go/config:pure //cmd/server:image_tarball

# Load it into Docker. This will print out something like:
# Loaded image ID: sha256:<image SHA>
docker load < bazel-bin/cmd/server/image_tarball/tarball.tar

docker run --rm -it sha256:<image SHA from previous step> --config=/configs/local.conf
```

If you get an error like:

```
/server: /lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libc.so.6: version `GLIBC_2.32' not found (required by /server)
/server: /lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libc.so.6: version `GLIBC_2.34' not found (required by /server)
```

Make sure you included the `--@io_bazel_rules_go//go/config:pure` flag in `bazel build`, see [`pure` docs](https://github.com/bazelbuild/rules_go/blob/master/go/modes.rst#pure). The problem is that without it, the compiled binary dynamically links glibc against your system, which may use a different version of glibc than the Docker container, which currently uses Debian 11 + glibc 2.28
